---
layout: day
title: Build your first webpage (lesson 2 and 3)
date: Jan 27, 2015
week: 1
day: 02
---
[Day 0{{page.day}} : {{page.date}}]({{ site.url }}/week{{ page.week }}/0{{ page.day }}.html) Assignment

# {{page.title}}

## Description
Using what you learned in lecture, read and follow along with the second and third practice lessons of [Build your first webpage](http://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/getting-to-know-html/). Follow the directions on this site exactly.
*Note: While the second lesson practice file does show `a` directly nested inside of `nav`, it might be better practice to nested an unordered list (`ul`) with list items (`li`) that then have links (`a`) inside them.

## Objectives

### Learning Objectives

* Understand the block and inline elements
* Identity the difference types of HTML elements like `div`
* Understand how nesting elements works
* Learn about different elements for different content types (eg. `article`)
* Understand how to build a navigation
* Link to another page


### Performance Objectives

After completing this assignment, students should be able to effectively use

* Use Sublime to create an HTML and CSS file.
* Use basic functions for saving within a mac's finder.
* Use organized folder structures in their projects.


## Details

### Deliverables
* Copy all the files from day_01 into day_02. Students should save both the index.html and the main.css in a folder titled "day_02". Students should save the folder in their "iron_yard" folder.

### Requirements

* Students should submit the assignment to the instructor, by right-clicking the "day_02" folder and selecting "compress “day_02”" . This will zip the folder so it can be emailed to the instructor at sam@theironyard.com

