---
layout: day
title: Make a quick “About me” page
date: Jan 28, 2015
week: 1
day: 03
---
[Day 0{{page.day}} : {{page.date}}]({{ site.url }}/week{{ page.week }}/0{{ page.day }}.html) Assignment

# {{page.title}}

## Description
Using what you learned in lecture, create a page about yourself that uses one HTML file and one CSS file:

The HTML page should:

* link to your CSS
*	Have a doctype, html, head, title, and body tags
* Use of meta tags
* Have at least one instance of h1, h2, h2, h3, h4, h6, p, a, span, br, and a special character
* At least one list with 5 list items
* A link to an external site
* It should have at least two IDs and two classes
* Proper indentation
* Use of at least one photo using an image tag with ‘alt’.
* Use of at least two structural elements: div, header, nav, section, article, aside, or footer.

The CSS should:

* A Reset or Normalize at the start of the CSS file
* reference the two IDs and two classes
* Indentation
* At least font-size and line-height on EACH text element


The content should include:

* Where the student grew up
* When they first moved to Austin
* Hobbies or interests
* Why they're interested in Web Design
* A link to a website that is well-designed
* Favorite Books, favorite Music, and favorite food (in a list)

## Objectives

### Learning Objectives

* Learn how to create a simple page and use as many tags, properties, and attributes as possible.
* Familiarize with as much HTML and CSS as possible.


### Performance Objectives

After completing this assignment, students should be able to effectively use

* Use Sublime to create an HTML and CSS file.
* Use basic functions for saving within a mac's finder.
* Use organized folder structures in their projects.


## Details

### Deliverables
* Students should save both an index.html and a style.css in a folder titled "day_03_about_me”. Students should save the folder in their "iron_yard" folder.

### Requirements

* Students should submit the assignment to the instructor, by right-clicking the "day_03_about_me" folder and selecting "compress “day_03_about_me”" . This will zip the folder so it can be emailed to the instructor at sam@theironyard.com

