---
layout: day
title: Learning about Git
date: Feb 2, 2015
week: 2
day: 06
---
[Day 0{{page.day}} : {{page.date}}]({{ site.url }}/week{{ page.week }}/0{{ page.day }}.html) Assignment

# {{page.title}}

## Description
Github and git are use to version control any project we're working on. It allows us to move our projects from our computer (local) to the web (remote). It allows line-by-line changes and tracking those changes, and even collaboration with others.

## Objectives

### Learning Objectives

* Basic terminal commands: cd, mkdir, touch, ..
* How to init, add, commit, push, clone a git repository.
* How to upload work online.
* How to clone onto your computer.
* How to organize yourself.


### Performance Objectives

After completing this assignment, students should be able to effectively use

* Upload all assignments onto Github that they've worked on so far, and any from now on.


## Details

### Requirements
* Watch this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fKg7e37bQE)

* Close all files in sublime and within your "iron_yard" folder, move all of your day assignments into a folder called "tiy-assignments".
* On Github, create a repository called "tiy-assignments" and stay on the page that opens after that (we need instructions from it).
* Within iTerm, change directory's into your "iron_yard" folder, and then your "tiy-assignments" folder. At this point the green arrow should be followed by this folder name. Then go back to Github and follow the direction in the first section (this will require copying and pasting as shown in class.)
* Then check the status, add to the staging area, create a commit message, and then push all progress (each day) from your "tiy-assignments" folder to this one repo. This is how you will submit assignments from now on: a folder titled with the day and files inside it.

* Upload all class assignments up from week 1, to Github in the "tiy-assignments" repo on Github.

* Students do not need to email assignments anymore.

