---
layout: day
title: Create a HTML and CSS checklist
date: Feb 3, 2015
week: 2
day: 07
---
[Day 0{{page.day}} : {{page.date}}]({{ site.url }}/week{{ page.week }}/0{{ page.day }}.html) Extra Assignment

# {{page.title}}

## Description
With your assigned partner, discuss steps that you would include in a HTML and CSS setup checklist. Consider everything you've learned so far. For example, the list may include: adding a reset.css or making sure all of your images have an alt tag. It is encouraged to research on Google, [Learn HTML & CSS](http://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/), and [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)

Create the list as a markdown file with your classmate. Break the checklist into **separate** HTML and CSS categories.

Additionally, **add a separate category** that include resources to find more info about HTML and CSS. Together, you must each come up with five resources (that can be links).

Using Markdown syntax, create the list with an H1 of "HTML and CSS checklist", three subtitles (h2s) "HTML","CSS", and "Resources", with lists under each category.

## Objectives

### Learning Objectives

* Review basic setup for HTML and CSS projects
* Practice Markdown

### Performance Objectives

After completing this assignment, students should be able understand the basic process for creating a new project, understand the importance of accessibility, practice pushing to Github, and practice Markdown.


### Requirements
* Create a folder within your "day_07" folder called "HTMLCSSchecklist".
* Create the checklist inside that folder, and call Markdown file must be called "README.md"
* The folder and file should be pushed to Github within the existing "tiy_assignments" repo



