---
layout: day
title: Weekend Github HW
date: Feb 4, 2015
week: 2
day: 09
---
[Day {{page.day}} : {{page.date}}]({{ site.url }}/week{{ page.week }}/{{ page.day }}.html) Assignment

# {{page.title}}


## Description
Get used to how teams work on Github. After sharing all of your work, learn about how GH issues can be used to collaborate, give feedback and learn from each other. Issues are ways to file feedback that Github will document, that a designer/developer and "fix" and close after they have resolved their code issue.

## Objectives

### Learning Objectives

Upon completion of this assignment, you should:

* understand how to use Github's more collaborative features.
* understand the benefit of documentation and Markdown.


### Performance Objectives

After completing this assignment, you be able to effectively use

* Github to file an issue on someone else's repo
* Github and iTerm to make changes to your own work and push changes online
* Github to close issues others have filed on your repo
* Markdown


## Details

### Deliverables

* At least one issue filed on each students' account

### Requirements

* Create a README.md inside of your main "tiy_assignments" local folder.
* Using headlines in Markdown, make labels for each week, eg. "Week 1"
* Add a list item element with a link to each assignments' **Github pages**
* Push these changes to Github, so that you can have a Table of Contents of your projects.
* File issues on each students' "tiy-assignments" repo
* The issues can include: recommendations on code, point out any typos that could be fixed, or different ways to code or refactor something.
