---
layout: day
title: Responsive CodePens
date: Feb 13, 2015
week: 3
day: 15
---
[Day 0{{page.day}} : {{page.date}}]({{ site.url }}/week{{ page.week }}/0{{ page.day }}.html) Extra Assignment

# {{page.title}}


## Description
Create separate CodePens for each of the following scenarios:

* Global CSS: two 200x200px divs (one red and one yellow) [edited to remove "at 100%" at the end of this sentence—Thanks Jesse for catching this!]. At 800px breakpoint: two divs at 50% and floating. Save.
* Fork previous CodePen. Global CSS: Add a third div that is blue and 100%. At 800px: each div is 30.333% with a margin of 4.5% between the divs, but no margin on the right of the blue div. Hint: use nth-of-type. Save.
* Fork previous CodePen. Add a new breakpoint at 500px, where divs at 48% with a margin of 4% in between them and no margin on the outside. Use nth-of-type, and remember to cancel out 500px breakpoint nth-of-types during 800px breakpoint. Save.

* Create a new CodePen. Name a div "wrapper". At global: it should be 90% wide, 100px tall, pink, and centered. At 650px, it should be 80% and 200px tall. At 960px, it should be 70% wide, 300px tall, and should stop growing at 1000px.


## Objectives

### Learning Objectives

Upon completion of this assignment, you should:

* Understand how to work with basic elements and media queries.


### Performance Objectives

After completing this assignment, you be able to effectively use

* media queries to change the layout of elements on page.


## Details

### Deliverables

* 4 individual CodePens

### Details

* Add links to all 4 CodePens to a blog post titled "Basic Responsive CodePens". Use the Embed option on CodePen for each one. It will generate HTML that you can copy to your blog post's markdown file.

