---
layout: day
title: Restaurant Project / WordList
date: Feb 20, 2015
week: 4
day: 20
---
[Day {{page.day}} : {{page.date}}]({{ site.url }}/week{{ page.week }}/{{ page.day }}.html) Extra Assignment

# {{page.title}}


## Description
If done right and early, research can make for a successful project kick off. Part of that research is Googling, interviewing, checking out different perspectives and ideas, mentioning the obvious and exploring the unique or more . It's about being aware of the symbols, sayings, culture, references, competitors, vernacular, colors, historical context, and millions of other elements related to a project. The more you research, the easier it is to make design decisions and hit the ground running.

Using you sketch book or a Markdown file, create a word list of everything you can think of related to your restaurant. Then add words related to the words of your restaurant that are a few degrees away. Do not edit. Write down every word that comes to mind!


## Objectives

### Learning Objectives

Upon completion of this assignment, you should:

* have a list that is comprehensive enough to cover, yet move past the obvious to a more unique set of words that may be unexpected or influenced by your experience and/or cultural references.

* You should be able to expand upon what your own associations are and add associations that are cultural or known to others.




### Performance Objectives

After completing this assignment, you be able to effectively use

* create wordlists detailed enough to kick off next phase of project.


## Details

### Deliverables
* A comprehensive word list in your sketchbook (keep it organized, please), or in Markdown.


### Details
* Either format **MUST** be uploaded to your blog post with 1-3 paragraphs about the process.
