---
layout: day
title: Week 3, Day 15
week: 2
day: 15
time: Feb 13, 2015
---

# Day {{ page.day }} : {{page.time}}

## Today we covered


### Responsive Web Design
* Flexible Grids
	* Flexible = percents
	* `Target / context = result`  or `child element / parent element`

* Flexible images and media
	* `img { max-width: 100%;}`
	* videos and iframes rely on javascript

* Media Queries (using min-width and good practices, like mobile-first)
	* `@media screen and (min-width:___px) {  }` with styles nested within brackets.

* Em-based typography
	* pixel type is hard to zoom on typography (unlike page zoom)
	* ems and rems (which we’ll discuss soon)
	* pixels can be a fallback for rems

* Device testing is awesome, but we also need to think device agnostically.



## Homework
Everyday a bit of written, audio, or video resources will be assigned to review, which will supplement class assignments. Assignments are always due by 8:59am of the following day, unless noted. Thursday homework is usually due Monday morning, unless noted otherwise.

### Supplemental Resources

#### Responsive Web Design
* [The first responsive web design article](alistapart.com/article/responsive-web-design)
* [Fluid grids](http://alistapart.com/article/fluidgrids)
* [Device Agnostic](http://trentwalton.com/2014/03/10/device-agnostic)
* [Where to start](http://trentwalton.com/2013/02/07/where-to-start/)

#### Assignments
* Update your Grid Codepen with 1-column grid for all of the same class names. Use media queries for the multi-column grids and break the one-column grid at 500px.
* [Sketch out RWD Surf and Paddle ideas]({{ site.url }}/assignments/{{ page.day }}.html)
* [Complete a series of RWD codepens]({{ site.url }}/assignments/{{ page.day }}b.html)

## Extra Assignments
* [Code RWD Surf and Paddle ideas]({{ site.url }}/assignments/{{ page.day }}c.html)


## Extra Resources
None, tonight folks! Plenty to read.
